DOCS/CASMNET-1534 - Improve linking of CSM install and upgrade to information mgmt. net and bi-can docs (#1671)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/network/management_network/bican_technical_summary.md

# BICAN Summary
Bifurcated CAN was designed to separate admin network traffic and user network traffic.
# add summary from features sections#
![](img/network_traffic_pattern.png)

## BiCAN Terminology

> - BiCAN – Bificrated Customer Access Network

Reviewer: Typo in bifurcated.

# BICAN Summary

Bifurcated CAN was designed to separate administrative network traffic and user network traffic.

![network traffic pattern](img/network_traffic_pattern.png)

## BiCAN terminology

> - BiCAN – Bifurcated Customer Access Network

Reviewer 2: Looks like this is still small 'i' here and above, but the rest is capital 'I'.

# BICAN Summary

> Bifurcated CAN was designed to separate admin network traffic and user network traffic.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Bifurcated CAN was designed to separate administrative network traffic and user network traffic.
```

> ## add summary from features sections

Author: removed, draft notes that snuck in

![network traffic pattern](img/network_traffic_pattern.png)

> ## BiCAN Terminology

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## BiCAN terminology
```

> ## BiCAN terminology

Reviewer 2: Looks like this is still small 'i' here and below, but the rest is capital 'I'.

- BiCAN – Bifurcated Customer Access Network
- CAN – Customer Access Network
- CMN – Customer Management Network
- CHN – Customer High Speed Network
- NMN – Node Management Network
- HMN – Hardware Management Network

> ## BiCAN Features

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## BiCAN features
```

- Bifurcation or splitting of the Customer Access Network (CAN) enables customization of customer traffic to and from the system.
Customization will be performed during installation.

> For CSM 1.2 there are two new CAN networks being introduced as part of the process to split the existing monolithic CAN.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In CSM 1.2, as part of the process to split the existing monolithic CAN, two new CAN networks are introduced:
```

> - High Speed CAN - CHN: This feature adds the ability to connect to Application Nodes (UAN), UAI, Compute Nodes

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- High Speed CAN - CHN: This feature adds the ability to connect to Application Nodes (UAN), UAI, Compute Nodes,
```

and Kubernetes API endpoints from the customer site via the High Speed Network (HSN).
- Management CAN - CMN:  Using a new VLAN on the Management Network, this feature allows system administrative access from the customer site.

> Administrative access was previously available on the original CAN and this feature provides a traffic path and access split.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Administrative access was previously available on the original CAN; this feature provides a traffic path and access split.
```
